Document bootstrap_strategy (#3437)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/configuration/cfg_replication.rst

    | Environment variable: TT_REPLICATION_ANON
    | Dynamic: **yes**

.. _cfg_replication-bootstrap_strategy:

.. confval:: bootstrap_strategy

    Since version 2.11.

>     Allows you to specify a strategy used to bootstrap a :ref:`replica set <replication-bootstrap>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specifies a strategy used to bootstrap a :ref:`replica set <replication-bootstrap>`.
```

    The following strategies are available:

>     *   ``auto``: in this case, a node doesn't boot if a half or more of other nodes in a replica set are not connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   ``auto``: a node doesn't boot if a half or more of other nodes in a replica set are not connected.
```

        For example, if the :ref:`replication <cfg_replication-replication>` parameter contains 2 or 3 nodes,
        a node requires 2 connected instances.
        In the case of 4 or 5 nodes, at least 3 connected instances are required.
        Moreover, a bootstrap leader fails to boot unless every connected node has chosen it as a bootstrap leader.

>     *   ``legacy``: in this case, a node requires the :ref:`replication_connect_quorum <cfg_replication-replication_connect_quorum>` number of other nodes to be connected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   ``legacy``: a node requires the :ref:`replication_connect_quorum <cfg_replication-replication_connect_quorum>` number of other nodes to be connected.
```

.. confval:: replication_connect_quorum

    Since version 1.9.0.
    Specifies the number of nodes to be up and running to start a replica set.

>     This option is in effect if :ref:`bootstrap_strategy <cfg_replication-bootstrap_strategy>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Since version 2.11, the option is in effect if :ref:`bootstrap_strategy <cfg_replication-bootstrap_strategy>`
```

.. confval:: replication_sync_timeout

    Since version 1.10.2.
    The number of seconds that a node waits when trying to sync with
    other nodes in a replica set

>     (see :ref:`bootstrap_strategy <cfg_replication-bootstrap_strategy>`).

Reviewer 2: I'd also leave the "after connecting or during :ref:`configuration update <replication-configuration_update>`." line here.
